Remove the `lang` PWA manifest member description (#2490)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/how-to/web-app-manifests.md

| `categories` | The list of categories the app belongs to.  |
| `icons` | Array of icon image objects that are used by the OS in different contexts. |
| `screenshots` | Array of screenshot image objects, also used by the OS in different contexts.  |

> | `lang` | The language used by other localized manifest members such as `name` and `short_name`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lang` | The language used by localized manifest members, such as `name` and `short_name`. |
```

> | `dir` | The text direction used by other localized manifest members such as `name` and `short_name`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dir` | The text direction used by localized members of this manifest, such as `name` and `short_name`. |
```
alts:
The text direction used by localized members of this manifest, such as `name` and `short_name`.
The text direction used by other localized manifest members such as `name` and `short_name`.
